Remove 9 operation.booleans (#7924)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

  - Deprecated in v0.43
  - Will be removed in v0.44

> * Accessing ``lie_closure``, ``structure_constants`` and ``center`` via ``qml.pauli`` is deprecated. Top level import and usage is advised.

Reviewer: Took me a while to figure out what happened here with the diffs lol

Author: Yeah, unfortunately I couldn't find any solution for now: it's quite a fundamental comprimise happening in `git diff` algorithm so...

for details on how to port your legacy code to the new system. The following functionality has been removed:

* In PennyLane v0.40, legacy operator arithmetic has been removed. This includes :func:`~pennylane.operation.enable_new_opmath`,
  :func:`~pennylane.operation.disable_new_opmath`, :class:`~pennylane.ops.Hamiltonian`, and :class:`~pennylane.operation.Tensor`. Note
  that ``qml.Hamiltonian`` will continue to dispatch to :class:`~pennylane.ops.LinearCombination`.

  - Deprecated in v0.39
  - Removed in v0.40

* :meth:`~pennylane.pauli.PauliSentence.hamiltonian` and :meth:`~pennylane.pauli.PauliWord.hamiltonian` has been removed. Instead, please use
  :meth:`~pennylane.pauli.PauliSentence.operation` and :meth:`~pennylane.pauli.PauliWord.operation` respectively.

  - Deprecated in v0.39
  - Removed in v0.40

* :func:`pennylane.pauli.simplify` has been removed. Instead, please use :func:`pennylane.simplify` or :meth:`~pennylane.operation.Operator.simplify`.

  - Deprecated in v0.39
  - Removed in v0.40

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

> * The boolean functions provided by ``pennylane.operation`` are deprecated. See below for alternate code to
>   use instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The boolean functions provided by ``pennylane.operation`` are deprecated. See below for an example of alternative code to use.
```

Grammarly suggests this, so I trust it (maybe I shouldn't ?)

  These include ``not_tape``, ``has_gen``, ``has_grad_method``,  ``has_multipar``, ``has_nopar``, ``has_unitary_gen``,
  ``is_measurement``, ``defines_diagonalizing_gates``, and ``gen_is_multi_term_hamiltonian``.

  - Deprecated in v0.42
  - Removed in v0.43

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python

    from pennylane.operation import TermsUndefinedError, Operator
```
